---
title: Mike Steigerwald updated his status.
date: '2014-11-29T19:53:40.000Z'
platform: facebook
source_file: your_posts__check_ins__photos_and_videos_1.json
---
Thanksgiving with Comcast
(Note the preposition: *with* NOT *for*.)

Prequel.
The saga begins when I finally reach the end of my rope with the unreliable internet service we were getting from http://www,comcast.com. For approximately six weeks, we had been losing all internet, on average, three times daily. Rebooting the modem usually fixed the problem, but I'd had enough when I had to reboot three times in twenty minutes.

(Readers may wonder why I waited six weeks to complain. The rest of this rant should provide that answer.)

So I stayed home from work one day. Some guy comes out, swaps in some new parts, but  can't really figure out what's going wrong.  He hopes that the upgraded parts will take care of everything for us. 

Just before leaving, he points out that we're still using the old EarthLink internet backbone. He suggests that we might get better performance by switching over to the Comcast backbone. 

So, based on that, I decide to have another 'chat' with Comcast support. That 'analyst' then proceeds to inform me that we can get  better service with the Comcast Triple Play and lower my bill. "How does that sound to you?" 

Caveat Emptor. 

Based on previous history with Comcast, I should have realized I was being sold snake oil.  I was too excited about the idea of getting reliable internet service and sending less money to Comcast. According to my diplomas, I'm smart enough to know there is no way Comcast is going to sell me anything that puts less money into the pockets of their CEO. I should have realized this sale was based on them making even greater margins on less expensive services.

What we discovered on our next bill was that $39.60 of the savings was a promotional discount that will expire in twelve months. Shame on the analyst for not disclosing that. Shame on me for being surprised.

What we discovered a few days after the 'upgrade' was installed was that the rest of the savings was because we no longer had DVR. In other words, we now have less service than we had before. Shame on the analyst for not disclosing that. Shame on me for being surprised.

To be continued ...
