---
title: Mike Steigerwald added a new photo.
date: '2014-12-05T23:24:21.000Z'
platform: facebook
source_file: your_posts__check_ins__photos_and_videos_1.json
---
A PSA to all friends with Comcast: Getting the Least of Comcast Service
(Subtitle: The less service you get, the happier you will be.)

So that others benefit from my experience, I share these Do's and Don'ts:

1. Do NOT, under any circumstances, phone in for service. There are several reasons I offer this advice:
a. It is a painful way to lose your mind.
b. It takes days for the hold music to loosen its grip on what may be left of your mind.
c. They are not really Comcast. They are a 3rd party vendor and don't really understand Comcast products & services.
d. You will not be able to understand their Inglish/Eenglish.
e. They will not be able to understand yours.
f. You will have no record of the incredible things they tell you.

2. Do NOT, if you actually need to accomplish anything, chat with an agent online.  They are not really Comcast. They are a 3rd party vendor and don't really understand Comcast products & services. On the other hand, there is some entertainment value to chatting with an agent:
a. With the proper frame of mind (which I no longer possess), it can be fun to see how many agents you can get to contradict the previous agent. My personal record is 8. At first, it's like farting in class and watching students blame each other. After a while, it becomes more of a cure for your lingering instigator tendencies. I no longer enjoy coercing people to argue with each other. 
b. Save the chat transcript. Weeks later, after the nausea abates, it can be amusing to re-read the incredible things they tell you. Make a drinking game out of the number of times you involuntarily utter, "They actually expected me to believe that?"
c. If you have a computer you're ready to discard, it might be amusing to feed the chat transcript into the MS Word grammar checker. (Note: I realize it's unreasonable not to expect typos in a chat session. What I'm referring to goes beyond typos;  Twilight Zone beyond.) I'm half-serious about the computer warning. If you check for 'Readability,' you might fry the motherboard. (I'm saving a 'bonus' e-mail message I got from an "Executive Customer Relations Case Manager" who assures me he is a Comcast employee and that English is his first language. My mother-in-law is a retired English teacher. If she ever decides to take the Kevorkian way out, I'll share that email with her. She'll be dead by the end of the first paragraph.)
d. If you like irony (I no longer do.), you can note the point(s) in your chat session(s) when your Comcast internet somehow drops your connection. It seems to coincide with the moment the agent has painted him/herself into a corner.

3. DO visit Comcast in person. They are actual Comcast employees and have actually been trained in Comcast products and services. I'm pretty sure they've actually taken high school English. No matter how long you wait in line, it's far less painful than phone/chat service. There is also some entertainment value to the on-site visit:
a. You can eavesdrop on other customers' stories about phone/chat service. It is, I admit, a somewhat perverse pleasure, but some good might as well come from their misery.
b. You can mention (you don’t need to go into details) your phone/chat experience to the Comcast employees. Watch what their eyes do.
