---
title: Mike Steigerwald updated his status.
date: '2016-07-12T12:30:26.000Z'
platform: facebook
source_file: your_posts__check_ins__photos_and_videos_1.json
---
Poem on the Death of Phliando Castile

Phliando Castile was an African-American cafeteria worker at a Montessori School in suburban Minnesota.  He was shot dead by police on July 6 after being stopped for a broken tail light. His girlfriend, Diamond Lavish Reynolds, immediately began narrating his shooting on her phone (sent out via Facebook) as she sat beside him while he was dying in the car. Her four year old daughter, also in the car, witnessed everything.

This is for you, Diamond Lavish Reynolds,

before your name disappears among so many

others, before your voice

is forgotten, before you wake up

one morning, still just 24, your child

beside you, and find only the goneness

on the other side of the bed.   This is for you

on the morning you wake and wonder

what you are going to do now

with your life, how you are going to talk

to the four-year-old child who saw the cop

fire the gun at Philando, the child you called

your “angel,” your first consolation.

This is for you when the news has stopped talking

about what happened, when the news has passed on

to other deaths.  This is for you

in this country of guns, of cruelty, of dismissal;

for you, Diamond

Lavish Reynolds, on some humid morning

in August, as you push the blankets

away, your child

curled in sleep, so small,

and walk into the bathroom and look for the first

time in weeks carefully

at your face in the mirror, ask yourself how

you are going to live

now with only this absence,

one of your eyes consumed with grief, the other

with outrage.  How can we hold this

with you, how can we make your tears not

another deleted narrative?

 

Anita Barrows is a poet, translator, and psychologist in Berkeley, California.  She is a professor at The Wright Institute and maintains a private practice.
