---
title: Mike Steigerwald shared a link.
date: '2016-11-21T01:46:51.000Z'
platform: facebook
source_file: your_posts__check_ins__photos_and_videos_1.json
---
Family Affirmations (Author Unknown)

1. I love myself unconditionally and I enjoy being the unique person that I am.
2. I have ample Leisure Time and deserve to find create and feel Joy.
3. I am a fallible human being who makes mistakes.
4. I am a worthwhile and lovable human being.
5. I am compassionately self-determined and I give others that same right.
6. I am a unique and precious human being doing the best I can, growing in wisdom and love.
7. I am in charge of my own life to include: my thoughts feelings and behaviors.
8. My #1 responsibility is my own growth and well-being. The better I am to me, the better I will be to others.
9. I make my own decisions and assume the responsibility for any consequences.
10. I am not my actions. I am the actor. My actions may be good or bad. That doesn't make me good or bad.
11. I do not have to prove myself to anyone. I need only to express myself as honestly and effectively as I am capable.
12. My emotional well-being is dependent primarily on how I love me.
13. I am kind and gentle towards me.
14. I live a day at a time. do first things first.
15. I am patient and Serene because I have the rest of my life in which to grow.
16. Every experience I have in life (even the unpleasant ones) contribute to my learning and growth.
17. No one in the world is more important than me as a person.
18. I have a right to take my space in this world. I deserve to be on this planet.
19. I am enough.
20. I am loyal, forgiving and gentle to myself and to others.
21. I know choose to love, to accept, to embrace and to fully appreciate myself unconditionally.
22. I create my own reality.
23. I have a Higher Power who loves me unconditionally.
