---
title: Mike Steigerwald updated his status.
date: '2020-05-30T18:49:27.000Z'
platform: facebook
source_file: your_posts__check_ins__photos_and_videos_1.json
---
My friend Tim Dean just posted this, but it seems like the perfect message to my out-of-state friends and family, too:

To my friends and family outside of Minneapolis: We are doing fine. It is certainly a stressful time, and the nightly reports of looting and arson near our house are a source of anxiety and discomfort for us. But we are going to be fine.

Please don’t worry about us. You should worry more about the residents and small business owners who live a couple of miles up the road from us. They are living in a war zone, and many of them are never going to recover from this war.

If you are angry at the lawlessness and property destruction of the last few nights, and at the dangerous conditions that our firefighters, police officers, and soldiers on the front line are dealing with, I hear you. I am angry too, mostly at the small number of agitators who turn peaceful protests into riots.

But please don’t allow your anger at rioters to distract you from the real cause of unrest: A large part of our population - predominantly people of color - have been failed by the system for decades. Our broken justice system and a toxic culture in our police departments has laid down decades of kindling, just waiting for a spark. The murder of George Floyd by a police officer was that spark, but it was only a matter of time before something like this happened.

In Minneapolis, we need everyone to come together to stop the bleeding. We need the police, fire fighters, and soldiers to partner with community activists and faith leaders to stop the rioting, end the property destruction, and put out the flames.

Once the fires are out, we need to get to the work of fixing the root causes. Most importantly, we need to reform the police department and institute a system of real accountability. I believe that Chief Arradondo is the right person to lead these reforms, but he needs more help from within. Rank and file police officers need to get on board with reform, or they need to find another line of work. Police union leaders like Bob Kroll have fought tooth and nail against accountability reforms, and they need to be replaced. They are part of the problem and they refuse to be part of the solution.
