---
title: Mike Steigerwald is feeling sad.
date: '2026-01-09T15:10:25.000Z'
platform: facebook
source_file: your_posts__check_ins__photos_and_videos_1.json
---
From ISAIAH : 

Memo to Minnesotans:

On April 6th, 1919, Mahatma Gandhi called for a National Day of Fasting and Prayer across India in response to the Rowlatt Act, a law that gave British authorities the right to indefinitely incarcerate without trial anyone accused of working for Indian independence. It became a day of action and work stoppage that shook the British Empire. In memory of Renee Nicole Good, Gov. Walz has declared Friday, January 9th to be a Statewide Day of Unity, Peace, and Service.

Inspired by many who have led non-violent, peaceful movements for justice in the face of repression around the world, we will take a step tomorrow to suspend our work in ways that are possible–from a moment of silence to a day of service, everything counts and no action is too small, to honor the memory of Renee Good and all Minnesotans, Americans and our neighbors who have been harmed by the actions of this Administration and Kristi Noem’s ICE. 

In Minnesota, we stick together. We pitch in. We stand up for our neighbors. Our tough times reveal who we are. And it’s time to be at our Minnesota best.

On Friday, please honor Ms. Good’s memory by acting together, peacefully, and in service to each other.

Here are some good options:

1) Participate in a moment of silence at 10am CT on Friday, January 9th. 

2) Attend the Day of Unity, Peace, & Service Vigil on Friday, January 9th at 4pm at the Minnesota State Capitol, 75 Dr. Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd., St. Paul, MN 55155.

3) Patronize immigrant-owned businesses across the state. 

4) Join an ICE rapid response training: Like Ms. Good, you have a right to attend, observe, record, and speak freely at ICE’s enforcement actions. Join a training to learn how to safely exercise both your rights and responsibilities.

5) Check in on your neighbors: Join your local volunteer Signal chat where requests for mutual support are shared. 

6) Invite your neighbors over for coffee: Bring some coffee (or another hot beverage), buy some local baked goods, and invite folks to join you over the weekend. We do better when we’re together.

7) Call your Member of Congress: Advocate for the same three things: 1) ICE should immediately leave Minnesota, 2) Ms. Good’s murderer should be prosecuted, 3) Congress should hold ICE to account, conducting oversight and demanding answers for its recklessness and violence. If you need to find who represents you, look them up here.

8) Sign this petition demanding ICE stay out of Minnesota schools.

9) Go to your neighborhood school 15 minutes before school arrival and dismissal with a whistle. Stand across the street from the building and watch for ICE. If you see them, blow the whistle.

10) Download and print out signs stating that ICE is not welcome and what rights businesses have under the 4th amendment. Go to local businesses that you patronize and ask them to put them up in the window. 

Let’s remember Ms. Good. Let’s protect our neighbors. Let’s be the North Star our nation needs.
